Update UI guide with note about 2.6 grid updates (#2240)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-ui.md

Click a square in the grid to view more details about the task instance and access links to additional views and actions.

> In Airflow version 2.6 and later, the **Grid** view also includes an integrated graph view that shows a visualization of the tasks and dependencies in your DAG. If you select a task or task group instance in the **Grid** column, the graph will update to highlight and zoom to the selected task. You can also navigate complex DAGs using the **Filter Tasks** drop down and the minimap. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Airflow version 2.6 and later, the **Grid** view includes an integrated graph visualization of the tasks and dependencies in your DAG. If you select a task or task group instance in the **Grid** column, the graph highlights and zooms to the selected task. You can also navigate complex DAGs using **Filter Tasks** and the minimap. 
```

Just some copyediting and a lil' technical writing convention: the **bold** formatting for buttons/tabs/menu titles in docs conventionally indicates a UI element. When docs are written in syntax that includes markup, the markup styling auto-bolds anything tagged with <ui-element> etc. We don't have that kind of detail in markdown, so it can be tricky knowing when to be specific about bolding text and using terms like "menu" or "drop down".

Author: Oh good call, thanks for the details, had not thought about that before re: bolding.
